Today is Monday, December 28th:

--Technical Issue VSDP-17213 KWS - Mobile - Searching from PINK Nation directs to VS themed search results
--Technical Issue VSDP-17183 KWS - Placeholder texts is displayed in search box when other text is present on product page
--Technical Issue VSDP-17115 KWS - Love list CTA does not fade on No Results page until page is interacted with
Technical Issue VSDP-16229 KWS - Mobile - Lazy load is slow to load more items on results pages
Technical Issue VSDP-16107 Mobile / KWS / Item that was added to the love list does not remain hearted when navigating back to the results page
Tech Debt VSDP-16725 Create the ability for Comm Ops to control which facets are open and which are closed
Add shirt sizing to tickets

Planning notes:
13776 Move New Savings flag to the right in list view
	LL button > aside has after pseudo-class that floats to fix text-wrapping
	Fix: float: right; clear: both;
	Need UX for new icon
	SM w/ UX dependency
12606 Test for product info on collection view
	List/Grid (mobile only)
	ensemble desc. not in mobile currently (BE dependency) (partial_fab-product_mobile.hbs)
	All other fields are already there, but hidden for grid (visible for list)
	Need clarification on "swatch"
	Jeremy is good option
	MD, depending on no. of variations
14845
	BE only?
14928 Adjust product price to PSO price
	PSO = product set override
	PSM = product set ???
	BE only, we just display the price
16824 New Saving flag not showing
	BE only
15857 Create chache for KWS search
	BE only
15847 KWS results relevant to history
	Personalization
	BE only, we just display the products
	Any certona test bucket/metrics tagging updates?
16024 add data elements to enhance KWS feed
	When filter by color (ex. red & blue), we show product twice (once per color)
	On search, we show 1 product with multiple swatches
	We'll need to remove code that combines swatches
	We're supposed to get swatch image back (path), currently coming as array, need to change it back to single
	decorator_fab-search_mobile (if _.isArray, get unique value)
	Look for anything involving Swatch Names
	Remove partial_fab-product_desktop.hbs ln 19 (swatch names/swatch list), and assoc. styles
	SM if perfect, MD is not. Need time to consult w/ Adobe for API changes
874 Allow offer/item level callouts to be set up and selected on coll page
	All BE/CMS/Setup
17017 Display autocomplete and type ahead results the provide best context
	redo-ing autocomplete panel
	Are we actually implementing this? Need comps
	Display products in search results, full-width panel
	All product styles will need to be included globally
	LG if just adding products to panel, XL if carousels, resolving style conflicts, reworking LL, etc.
17119 Improved KWS filter/sort
	Themes: Sounds like Adobe/CMS changes
	Price: Set range, slider, etc. Special case for facets
		LG; UX dependency for comps
	Single column filters w/ expand option: If more than 20 facet options, only show first 10 w/ View All to show the rest
		MD
	Size/length attr not rendering correctly: combine L.'s and M.'s
		BE only
	Move selected filter options to top of filter bar: Exposed facets push down, so push back
		UX dependency
		SM if have to do it
	Create ability for comm ops to control which facets are open/closed
		CMS > Feed > Adobe > Us: Data issue, we display on page based on data
		What happens if she closes it and opens a new one? Get initial state and then ignore it
		MD based on state questions
17120 Inprove KWS results/no-results templates
	Show results for alternate path scope: List alternate suggestions on no-results page
		Need data from BE
		MD
	Show category suggestions on NR page, same as previous
	Alternate query suggestions on NR page, same as first
	Promote sales/offers on NR page: Add DIVA feature? Banner (search "forbidden")?
		Need more info
	Add related search on search pages
		Need more info
	Search against all areas of site map
		Need comps, need data
		L-XL depending on data and what we're doing
	Items w/ carousel not displaying when searching by item number
		On desktop, products w/ carousels are shown as regular products
		Need to add support in search (pull in modules and markup, get data)
		MD
	Pagination not displayed on prod page from search page
		BE cache product ID's and use for pagination?
		FE can't pass anything to product page and search results are abstract collection
	Assess need for range pricing on multi-select
		Research only
		Would need min/max from adobe, Or have price w/ dynamic value based on if dynamic pricing
		SMD
	Display marketing collateral to drive awareness/conversion
		Add support for features
		Current API: /featuredefinitions?? Special projects did work, Nat/Shanshan will know more
		How does Adobe know what to display w/ results?
		Where do we show the feature? Array of features w/ position property, add as product, etc?
		Start w/ text/image features first and go from there

Note: Should we show filters if only 1 result?