6/7 Brian
Working on input validation w/ jeremy
TDDing is working well
HRAccess has been set up and has enrolled in benefits
PPOs: wanted to lead a project (did icons)
2 year ppo to work up to senior dev
Sam: need org chart and responsibilities/qualifications for advancement

6/7 Sam
Continue API work (facet options)
Need to create technical stories for next sprint
Stick w/ functional requirements for acceptance criteria, should look like today

7/6 Sam
Check w/ BE re: price logic
Review Brian PPOs Friday afternoon
Work w/ Nicole on 17.3 anim img bug
Cory needs something to own for PPOs (maybe filter menu?)

maybe doing accordions next sprint

7/19 Brian
working on party nav, product team stuff, wayne on-boarding, size & fit specs, EGC API (own for PPOs)
difficulty with specs (requirements changing, updates in 2 locations, writing to Anthony's standards)
not enough work for everyone on the team?
updated PPOs w/ dates
	finalize icon stuff and answer questions when Nat gets back
	then focus on TDD
	add party nav and check it all off (SME)
	Expand PDP API stuff
	On-boarding map?
No idea what's up for next sprint
	product template
	waiting on BE for some data?
pair programming w/ Wayne is challenging

8/2 Brian
sprint work done, working on input stuff
will change ppo dates for icons since they'll take a bit longer
will add PPOs around input stuff
inputs: how to get inputs/forms on page, validation, needed by CO/ACS/PDP
first QC squad meeting is coming up (waiting on JIRA setup, tasks, etc.)
focus on testing best practices, development standards

8/2 Sam
facet options: buttons vs checkboxes
Buttons, but check with QC for WCAG
Check tablet functionality
//can we just use mobile filters on desktop on the left side, pls?
review AOS plan w/ Martin
set up 60 day debrief with Brian (see learning map)
sign up for crucial conversations, etc.
Pelotonia cookout tomorrow, Phillybuster Friday!

8/10 Sam
Finish PPOs by next touchbase (8/24)
Be sure C&S components carry over role & item* attributes (product cards)
Meet w/ Martin re: AOS stuff

8/24 Sam
Is accordion a utility now, or still a component?
Next up: SAYT 
Quantity selector:
	started as sub component
	alex started, talked to martin to make utlity
	anthony had spec started but not finished
	QC team is strategizing how to fix
utility graph that shows how they should communicate w/ components?
are carousels components, utilities, or cms components?
Respond to CMS floating cue question: set up meeting to discuss options
--Set up meeting w/ Sam to update image paths in search & promote (Mon 30m)
--Set up meeting w/ Sam & Martin to review blog play (Tues 11-12)
Add plays for different communication methods to capture "whys"
Follow up w/ MGT re Adobe data to send same response for search as collection
Update PPOs
	Add manager orientation and check it off
	Ensure CCC onboarding is on there too

8/30 Sam
Include all search query params in API contracts (do we use them, and if not, do we need them?)
Pick up carousel work next sprint if needed
Remove general items from PPOs
Set up midyear review w/ Brian
Dropdown nav
	needs to not build/destroy menus
	does it match utility pattern
	review implementation to find out why it's difficult to implement
Floating cues: Set up meeting to discuss
NOTE TO SELF: I really need to track my time better

8/31 Brian
questions since anthony is gone
	primary point of contact, good view into lead responsibilities
workshop wednesday next week on utilities
	"flipping the classroom": teacher sends stuff home and reviews and builds on it next day
	answer questions
	sync up input with utility and then validation utility
	Working on blog post on How we got to input & validation utilities, how it works, next steps
worked on product card this sprint with anthony
	change alt images, open close long desc, change quantity
	working w/ wayne to get spun up on product card
helping devs with adding inputs using utility
special projects party nav stuff
updates to get fit calculator on how to measure
update PPOs to capture new stuff
going to CO sept 21-22
squad work is taking up a lot of time
	QC: handlebras standards documentation
	research on testing thoroughness

9/6 Sam
If search and collection APIs are synced up, do we need 2 endpoints? Probably.
SEO: track all filter params (Macys does this stupidly)
SEO: No attrs needed in markup (check product card, filters, etc.)
Set up search and promote meetings w/ Sam

9/13 Sam
Leads Friday: Try to timeline remaining work
Set up Brian midyear before Oct 4 (any time after next Thursday)
// does alex's products component quickview modal work?

9/13 Brian
Workshop was good
Working on product card stuff
Anthony is super busy so Brian is doing a lot of planning and dev management
	Trying to get Jeremy and Wayne on some reducer work to distribute work
Keeping PPOs up to date
	Icons probably pushed to next year
	TDD overshadowed by QC work
L-Brands Way October 4-5
Make sure there's a Webex for tomorrow

9/28 Brian
Running out of work at end of sprint (Anthony to address)
Getting good feedback form Anthony
Been doing tech specs all sprint, looking forward to dev
Meeting w/ CMS for clarification on offer text links & disclaimer
QC squad: Taking a long time to develop spec specs, could run into issues later
Midyear review next Friday

9/29 Sam
Check if H&L is doing a new tech spec or updating the old one
Move up Brian midyear

10/6 Sam
TO DISCUSS:
	Seating chart
		ensuring people are spaced out
	Variants meeting after development
		create tech story to update variants
	who owns old foundation work?
		whoever needs it can update it
for touchbases: mentoring: what does Brian want and how to get there
	challenge him to do stuff to show skills, etc.
check if load more is utility or component
	utility because it passes along event?
It would be nice if UX had been in our acceptance criteria meeting
Schedule more variant meetings w/ Tiff, Sheel, Jim, FATE (+ maybe Marc & Sam) (or have Tiff do it)
	update tech specs w/ variants before meetings
Schedule time monday to capture variants and any rework that will be needed

10/11 Brian
It's cold in this office
working on size & fit chart
aiming for end of week
squad stuff is behind
	chris was sick, brian is blocked until he's caught up
nobody knows if we're on track
more size & fit next sprint

10/12 Sam
Gerrod starting 10/23
Maybe need to move Cory to CMS table?
Variant work should go in next sprint
Templates are testable in Fabric (Fabric only uses fixtures)
Collection variants: standard/stacked/CMS header/Floating cue
Check on drag/WCAG for carousel

11/7 FE
Gerrod:
pulling in selected filters from last sprint
table element specs and code ready for review
rewriting button partial
replacing buttons
next up: quickview button (needs to view in template) (meeting this afternoon)
would be nice if handlebras could handle breaks for element attributes
Alex:
alt image and carousel PRs need review
working on autocomplete
utility should be fine, integration with SAYT may be tricky
need tech story to improve unit test coverage for accordion and dropdown filter components

11/8 Brian
product stuff: box selectors: lots of edge cases that are easy to miss
Chris may be in a bit over his head
separate products by generics causes a lot of extra work that may not have been documented
	just getting UX feedback, waiting on other stuff, upset when decisions are made
	getting blocked by UX decisions
product maybe on-track? time estimates are hard to figure out
need to break stories down more if they go into next sprint

11/22 Sam
DOMS scrum attendance

12/1 Sam
Add URL param'd states to variants table
Set up meeting w/ Scott & Anthony

12/8 Sam
Should we use markup or JSON for search image banners?
	check w/ beth
check on status of functional tests w/ FATE in scrum
check joopy filter

12/12 Brian
Needs to check PPOs (never did icon stuff, wasn't needed)
Updated gift card schema (22h but was much faster)
Needs new tasks from Chris D
Starting on checkedLabelText on radio groups for select inputs
Slightly worried about Anthony's arch updates breaking everything

12/13 Sam
set up time next week w/ scott to learn how build works
	bamboo.lbidts.com (https://bamboo.lbidts.com/browse/VSDP-FLAGSHIP)
integrate masthead with templates
country code util work: https://jira.victoriassecret.com/browse/ROMS-21346

12/28 Brian
Onboarding Harsha
struggling a bit, isn't asking questions
suggested setting up 1-on-1 meeting to review questions
using too many CSS !importants, so may need some work there
Product team doesn't have clear goal this sprint
PDP is done(?) with MVC work
waiting on add to bag endpoint
Chris assigned some tickets (non-mvc)
	missing details (all team members had same problem)
pulled in write review mobile epic

1/3 Sam
Check on MGT API page
Architecture: Check url params

1/9
Year end review prep
watch for email from Alex with year end paperwork
schedule meeting w/ direct report
sam & vlad will review expectations
1 page review of accomplishments
solicit feedback for direct reports (po/pa/mgt/team)
due around mid-march
for strengths/opportunities don't use blue boxes
for brian: 
	goals: 2-3 onboarding harsha
	behaviors:
		strengths: change agility, teamwork (covering for chris stepping into lead role), self-development/talent management/know how (on-boarding)
		opportunities: innovate & reinvent or leverage others?


1/24 Brian
No endpoints for PDP yet, so waiting on integration
Harsha is mostly on-boarded, doing well
Brian did sprint planning because Chris was out sick
	had extra capacity so got to pull in future work
working on write a review stuff (stepped form validation)

1/24 Sam
Update PPOs
Update collection for pages w/o data

2/9 Brian
built small elements for PDP (price, box selectors, image, etc.)
duplicate key is calling multiple reducers
PPO updates, helping other devs

Next up w/ Sam:
GDPR: check that banner avoiding drawers stuff is captured
Can we take leads off old distros
	
FATE issues (visual, functional, etc.) cutting into scope
	clear all
	load more demo
	product details data
	update api paths
	add stacked coll variants
Conference approval timeline?


2/21 Brian
Working on edit overlay
PDP is ahead of schedule, but it's not reflected in tickets (organizational problem)
challenge to getting architecture to sign off on overwriting reducer key for product modals
Jeremy & Wayne reliability / Brian getting overloaded


3/7 Brian
working on ATB this sprint
	issues with overlay
	not getting data?
should finish early minus 5% of AC
helping FATE set up data
	FATE has trouble reading schemas
	team has to spend time educating them
BE still missing some data, but slowly
Are India devs onboarding w/ PDP?
frustrated w/ FEWD having to work after getting everything done
	lack of recognition
year end review status?

3/7 Sam
March 25th for year end self-assessments
Sam will set up meeting to review instructions

3/23 Brian
sent self-assessment
no 4/5 review (Alexa demo)

4/4 Brian
This sprint: cms data updates for box selectors
Checkout bleeding out into other teams
	functional tests hitting product overlays, etc.
Waiting on analytics info

4/6 Sam
Check SEO requirements for Sprint 26
Jeremy possibly moving to C&S (fix visual issues?)
WCAG subtasks have to be in TODO (not just story)
2 new India devs starting Monday
Sam on vacation 5/5-12
PPOs start 5/14
Go-live decision 4/30
Think about a way to test common data in unit tests (utility)

4/10 Sam
Jeremy to C&S next sprint
	Could be analytics SME for platform

4/18 Sam
Have Brian sign his review and turn in to Alex

4/24 Brian
Cleaning up issues - hard because people are blocked and don't reprioritize
Doran - Get clarification on Tealium stuff
WCAG defects, not a priority (blocked due to accordion issues)
This sprint: analytics, seo, animated image (nothing critical)
next sprint: unit testing, bug fixes

***Have Brian sign review!!

5/3 Sam
Let Anthony know we're unit testing shared stuff
Hit filter save/restore tests hard
Log tech debt for updating garter functions (and estimate)
Check WCAG issues
	Work w/ Tiff/Chris to get comments into tech issues
	Pattern off of PDP (Jen)
CMS UAT done/fixed by 6/29
Send Brian's review to Alex

5/3 Brian
Created/Approved expense report for Fluent
This sprint: visual fixes, unit testing
unit test strength could be reviewed/improved
working w/ Jim good for visual testing
next ups: dynamic loading
REM spacing system will require refactoring

5/10 Brian
Spacing system going well
working with Jim = flexibility

5/17 Sam
Need to update laptop to Sierra for VSCode sharing
Check with Raj for when Tanveer will start w/ C&S
POs will Prioritize WCAG issues by Severity from description (use for prioritization of backlog)
Check w/ Sheel about AC remediation for Elements, Utilities
What about templates? Have Sheel check w/ Jim
Have Bravard let me know when logging a bug
Be prepared to present conference notes at next FEWD meeting
Talk to Chris and Parker about getting Jeremy moved to C&S table
Sheel/Tif/Chris: SEV-1/2's to Chad tomorrow
Set up time to review Tealium changes w/ Sam/Vlad/Aaron

5/22 Sam
Sheel/Parker frustrated w/ Jeremy's visual issues progress
	Confluence page vs ticket statuses are out of sync based on review status
	Hard to determine current status of progress on visual issues
Whoever owns elements should be fixing visual issues
	Riazzi & Jim went through buttons & links
	We should just fix element stuff if we find issues
WCAG paused? What should we work on?
	Ensure we're only fixing our own stuff
Any progress on moving Jeremy to table?

We will be getting another Bangalore dev at some point

Sam 5/30
Anthony created some tech debt for me
Watch for Jeremy not fixing things correctly, logging things unnecessarily
Check w/ Sheel about backordered scope
Present NationJS at next FEWD team meeting

Sam/Aaron 6/6
Keep list of deque issues that need more info
JIRA component selectors are broken
Visual validation will take priority over WCAG (start 9/1)
When will WCAG get re-tested?
	When we close everything PA/brittany can flip story to Deque to re-review
Chad got great feedback from Parker (feel free to pass it on)
Backorders: work is on backlog, PO knows about it and sets priority
	Connect w/ Sheel for tech design (dev due 8/3)
Staffing
	Akash & Suraj both like C&S
	Tanveer might go to PINK nation for React-Redux project
	Akash/Suraj may backfill
Prasana is going to join our TB
Think about PPOs for this year
	Miles is finalizing his this week
	Vlad next week
	Aaron/Sam following week
	Start draft late next week (mine and Brian's)
	MGD brand vs core
Is Philip interviewing? nope
Crit Conv signup? Aaron looking into it

6/7 Brian
Working on filter availability, updating cross-sells
getting product overlay back into fabric
Fluent next week
Will work on PPOs after Fluent
Next sprint: wayne/raj doing UDO work, brian more code stuff
WCAG later, visual done

6/14 Sam
Check w/ Nicole about PDP backorder work
Ping Jeremy to get whether he's working or not
Check w/ Chris re ROMS-51907
NationJS presentation
	Time, format, how it applies, new stuff we should do, actionable items
FEWD tech debt tickets
Compile positive & negative feedback

6/20 Sam
Tanveer to PINK Nation 7/1
Backorders: Groom & Add estimates
	https://jira.victoriassecret.com/browse/ROMS-31104
	https://confluence.victoriassecret.com/display/BOSS/Product+Page+-+Back+Orders
	API contracts need work
	Add backorders variant for box selectors, primary product card, ATB overlay
Brian may be making quickview component. Check Fabric for instances of quickview that will need to be updated
PPOs start 7/9

6/27 Sam/Prasana
Check w/ Sheel re variants for functional testing

7/13
Delegate India dev touchbase?
Push for daily backlog grooming, include Ila & Aaron

7/19 Sam & Aaron
GDPR banner text: possibly move to page.js file for motionpoint
PPOs: Meeting next week; Clone page in Confluence to use as template
FATE defects: FATE-32980 (need permission, add to remaining work filter)
NationJS: Set up time to review presentation

7/25 Aaron & Sam
Pre-work for PPO meeting
GDPR: waiting on new copy (next week)
Bangalore devs may request 15 min check-ins
Set up time to review conference presentation next week

8/1 Aaron
PPOs on Friday (review categories)
PDP WCAG is coming up (due Sept 28)
	Check w/ Brian about whether we should pick up some stuff

8/8 Sam
Jeremy working on carousel issues w/ architecture
NationJS review tomorrow
Work on PPOs, draft by EOW
Schedule meetings w/ direct reports

8/17
Set up time w/ all of FEWD
	fly through talks
	more time on 3 that I liked
		Lighthouse/PWAs
		Languages/ECMAScript proposals
		Promises
	Schedule for 201

9/13 Aaron
Let devs know
priorities
open issues
coverage for PRs
overtime

10/24 Sam
Set up time w/ Scott to review JS docs
Schedule conference presentation (any time)
Check with Ila re: bypassing wargames for stuck tickets
